
This document can be opened at any time from the Help menu

	#####################################
	# Fuse workflow with Sublime Text 3 #
	#####################################

Welcome to the Fuse sublime package! The following document is a broad overview
of the functionality available to you.

Interactions with Fuse from Sublime take the following forms:

Create 
	Use Fuse to instantiate source files and other templates.

Edit
	Use Fuse’s code completion service to aid in writing your UX markup and
	Uno source.

Preview  
	Build and deploy a live-updating preview either to your desktop or to one 
	or more connected mobile devices.

Build
	Perform a full high-performance compile of your project and optionally 
	deploy it directly to a connected device. 

We’ll run through each category.

	###############
	# Fuse Create #
	###############

From the command-line, “fuse create” is the basic command used tovcreate Fuse
project files. For instance a typical workflow would be to use “fuse create app
MyProject” to create an entirely new project from the default “app” template.
Using Sublime Text, all fuse create options are available through either the
sidebar context menu or through the Sublime command palette
(ctrl/command+shift+p).

For convenience, use the Fuse dashboard (accessible from the tray menu) to 
create Fuse projects.

To create generic files and folders for your Fuse project, simply create them
directly via the side-bar; Fuse searches the file system for files to include
based on the location of the .unoproj file.

**To create a file from the side-bar**, right click on a file or directory in
the tree and pick options from the Fuse: Create submenu. The resulting file will
be created relative to the file or directory you clicked.

**To create a file with keyboard only**, use the command palette. Hit
ctrl/cmd+shift+p and type “fuse ux” and the “Fuse: Create UX file”  option will
be selected for you. Hit enter to run it. The file will  be created relative to
the file currently open in the active window  if it is a part of the project
structure, or at the project root  directory.

	#############
	# Fuse Edit #
	#############

When Sublime needs help from Fuse to offer code completion suggestions,  it will
connect to Fuse  and start making requests. Open any UX or Uno  file and start
typing; The connection will be made in the background  and you will receive
suggestions shortly thereafter.

	################
	# Fuse Preview #
	################

Fuse offers two kinds of build. A full build or a preview build. Preview builds
are different in that they are simulated applications built for the benefit of
live reload. Preview builds let you quickly edit UX and view your changes happen
in real time as you save the changes to your source files.

Fuse previews can be run locally or on-device, with the biggest benefit being
the latter. On a mac, for instance, you can run iOS and Android device previews
side by side and view how your application looks on each  platform
simultaneously.

	To run previews from Sublime you have three interfaces:

1. Right click the background of a window with an open UX file and choose
from the Fuse Preview submenu.

2. Right click a ux or unoproj file in the sidebar and choose from the
Fuse: Preview submenu.

3. Open the command palette with ctrl/cmd+shift+p and type “Fuse preview”
and choose from one of the options.

	##############
	# Fuse Build #
	##############

A full build runs better than a preview build and is how you create the final
application for deployment. Building is a process with many options, and for
detailed control we recommend you familiarise yourself with the command-line
tools using the “fuse build” command.

Building and deployment in Sublime is handled primarily through the Fuse Sublime
build system, which should automatically be selected for you if your current
document is UX, Uno or Unoproj. To pick a target and start a build, open the
Tools menu and choose “Build with…” and choose from the menu that appears. This
menu can also be called up with ctrl/cmd+shift+b. If you want to repeat this
build quickly in the future, you can repeat the previous build by going to
Tools->Build or pressing ctrl+b on your keyboard.

You can also trigger builds by right clicking in the side-bar and choosing
“Fuse: Build”, though this counts for the same as hitting ctrl+b and will prompt
you for a build target if you haven’t already set one with ctrl/cmd+shift+b.

	################################
	# Important keyboard shortcuts #
	################################

ctrl/cmd + shift + b
	Bring up a list and choose a target to build for.

ctrl/cmd + b
	Repeat the last build made this session.

ctrl/cmd + shift + p
	Bring up the Sublime command palette. Type "fuse" here to find 
	Fuse-related commands.